Possomtu los posbimtu-ma-som.
Initial ideas are electronic physical-object-action-minds.

So xe ubitutu ka so xe datomtu.
Everything currently is backup files and everything currently is used logic.

So ye-tu los xenet tomposdan.
Everything important-thing is current-location computer-science.

Vi co udan somposdan ka vi co usom possomtu.
I have learned brain-engineering and I have understood artificial-intelligence-chips.

Sonta xe pema posnettu ka sonta xe tema tenposno.
The intellectual currently operates the server-room and the intellectual currently measures high-voltage.

Tomta xe ubitu ubitutu ka tomta xe adama nertu.
The law-expert currently archives backup-files and the law-expert currently discards errors.

Vi co udan bimposdan ka vi co usom bimxadtu.
I have learned semiconductor-engineering and I have understood solid-matter.

Bimta xe dakama bimnet ka bimta xe pema peno.
The physical-worker currently labors at the building and the physical-worker currently operates the engine-output.

So xe habtu los tenyedan ka so xe nertu los ceyedan.
Everything currently correct-thing is advanced-expertise and everything currently error-thing is basic-knowledge.

Danta xe udan tomdan ka danta xe usom nino.
The scholar learns mathematics and the scholar understands balanced-force.

Truta xe truma zenet ka truta xe pema petruma.
The traveler moves to the destination and the traveler operates navigation.

Vi co udan netposdan ka vi co usom netapostu.
I have learned network-engineering and I have understood routers.

Posta xe pema possomtu ka posta xe adama abitutu.
The hacker operates artificial-intelligence-chips and the hacker discards deleted-records.

So los tomposdan ka so los somposdan.
Everything is computer-science and everything is brain-engineering.

Dita xe di disomtu ka dita xe pema dinettu.
The creator creates ideas and the creator operates the gallery.

Xumta xe udan tenxumdan ka xumta xe usom nixumtu.
The biologist learns evolutionary-biology and the biologist understands healthy-organisms.

So xe xotu los tombitu ka so xe xitu los uxitu.
Everything currently truth is logical-data and everything currently opinion is adopted-opinion.

Tenmata xe poma tenma ka cenmata xe poma cenma.
The activist-leader starts increasing-action and the observer starts decreasing-action.

So xe habnet los xenet ka so xe nernete los conet.
Everything currently safe-zone is current-location and everything currently obstacle-area is starting-point.

Vi co udan duno ka vi co usom zemaudu.
I have learned the force-of-time and I have understood future-eternity.

Xita xe tema xadno ka xita xe u bimtu.
The observer measures kinetic-energy and the observer stores objects.

So xe poma possomtu los habtu.
Everything starting artificial-intelligence-chips is the correct-thing.

So xe poma tomposdan los yedan.
Everything starting computer-science is expertise.

Sonta xe pema penet ka sonta xe tema teno.
The intellectual operates the control-room and the intellectual measures amplified-force.

Vi co udan pomdan ka vi co usom pomo.
I have learned the science-of-beginnings and I have understood the energy-of-ignition.

So xe udama habtu ka so xe adama nertu.
Everything accepts the correct-thing and everything discards the error.

Sonta xe udan dandan ka sonta xe usom tomdan.
The intellectual learns the science-of-knowledge and the intellectual understands logic.

Vi co udan posdan ka vi co usom posno.
I have learned electronic-engineering and I have understood electronic-power.

So xe poma bimdan los bimtu.
Everything starting material-science is a physical-object.

Sonta xe pema posnet ka sonta xe tema posno.
The intellectual operates the electrical-facility and the intellectual measures electronic-power.
[EOS]
